Rosetti - bio (#284)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/rosetti.md

1 = { path = "rosetti.jpg", caption = "Rosetti's entrance, [KPW Arena 17](@/e/kpw/2021-08-21-kpw-arena-17-odrodzenie.md).", source = "M3n747" }
+++

Rosetti is one of the most experienced [KPW](@/o/kpw.md) wrestlers still on the active roster, next to [Greg](@/w/greg.md) and [David Oliwa](@/w/david-oliwa.md), with roots in [Do Or Die Wrestling](@/o/ddw.md). Like Oliwa, Rosetti trained under [Don Roid](@/w/don-roid.md) and appeared as a rookie it two DDW shows, but his official debut didn't happen until DDW folded and was superceded by KPW.

> Initially performing as a solo wrestler, Rosetti later teamed with [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md) and winning the [KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) at [Arena 11](@/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11-podwojne-zagrozenie.md). Eventually, however, they lost the title at [Arena 16](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16-polowanie.md) to The Hunt (Primate & Wild Boar) - Rosetti blamed Sawicki for the loss and, in a fit or anger, attacked him with a chair after the match. The onslaught was so brutal that Sawicki was never seen in KPW again (in reality, he left for [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) where he trained, but never performed). This incident would end up earning him the nickname "Sadysta z Łodzi" (_The Sadist from [Łódź][boat-city]_), first heard in his promo for [Arena 20](@/e/kpw/2022-12-16-kpw-arena-20.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially performing as a solo wrestler, Rosetti later started teaming with [Sawicki](@/w/sawicki.md), and together they won the [KPW Tag Team Championship](@/c/kpw-tag-team-championship.md) at [Arena 11](@/e/kpw/2018-11-03-kpw-arena-11-podwojne-zagrozenie.md). Eventually, however, they lost the title at [Arena 16](@/e/kpw/2020-02-01-kpw-arena-16-polowanie.md) to The Hunt (Primate & Wild Boar). Rosetti blamed Sawicki for the loss and, in a fit or anger, attacked him with a chair after the match. The onslaught was so brutal that Sawicki was never seen in KPW again (in reality, he left for [Prime Time Wrestling](@/o/ptw.md) where he trained, but never performed). This incident would end up earning him the nickname "Sadysta z Łodzi" (_The Sadist from [Łódź][boat-city]_), first heard in his promo for [Arena 20](@/e/kpw/2022-12-16-kpw-arena-20.md).
```

> Following the loss of the Tag Team title, Rosetti returned to wrestling solo; he was supposed to pair with [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) at [Arena 18](2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18-powrot-do-przyszlosci.md), however he was late for the event and missed his fight. Soon after that he would join Gałąź Gregoriańska (_The Gregorian Branch_), a heel stable led by Greg, and at [Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md) he won the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) by defeating David Oliwa in a less-than-savoury manner. This victory was followed by a number of strong international opponents, such as Flexos, Ludy Lohan or Zak Knight. Rosetti's string of victories as a champion suddenly ended at [Arena 25](2024-05-17-kpw-arena-25.md) when [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), a fellow Gregorian Branch member, backstabbed Rosetti and claimed the OldTown title for himself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the loss of the Tag Team title, Rosetti returned to wrestling solo; he was supposed to pair with [Eryk Lesak](@/w/eryk-lesak.md) at [Arena 18](2022-03-18-kpw-arena-18-powrot-do-przyszlosci.md), however he was late for the event and missed his fight. Soon after that he would join Gałąź Gregoriańska (_The Gregorian Branch_), a heel stable led by Greg, and at [Godzina Zero 2022](@/e/kpw/2022-09-17-kpw-godzina-zero-2022.md) he won the [KPW OldTown Championship](@/c/kpw-old-town-championship.md) by defeating David Oliwa in a less-than-savoury manner. This victory was followed by a number of strong international opponents, such as Flexos, Ludy Lohan or Zak Knight. Rosetti's string of victories as a champion abruptly ended at [Arena 25](2024-05-17-kpw-arena-25.md) when [Chemik](@/w/chemik.md), a fellow Gregorian Branch member, backstabbed Rosetti and claimed the OldTown title for himself.
```
